So, from the day that you join the Navy, you're going to find that you
have similar past to people that are in your same field. So, you know,
there are people who are very motivated and want to become the Master
Chief of the Navy. You have some people who, maybe were criminals
before and joined the military to prevent going to jail, to be given
a shot for normal life before they winded up in a bad place. So,
you have the whole gamut of people and different career paths, different
intelligence, different motivations for being in the military.
So, in general, people of a similar quality tend to hang out with
the same people. So, people who like to drink all the time, you'll find
that they're, you know, have this one house that they always go
to, over and over. People that are very very motivated study all the
time. You'll find that they probably share a house with people who
want to become an officer. So, you also find that that's very apparent
in the ports that you go to. So, for me, I didn't want to. I wasn't
a drinker at that time. Not, not very much. So I'd go into port and
I try to tap people like, "Hey, do you want to go see some place
fun?", "Do you want to go climb a mountain or visit a castle? So, once
we do that, then there's very limited chance of, that we'd find problems.
Some of the people who, like, are really, you know, really
eager to have fun, the very first place that they go to is the bar and
people similar to them are there and you can get lots of people like
that, then probably, you can find yourself into trouble. So, as
long as you're aware of that, as long as you're not somebody that drinks
all the time and you know, wants to get me in trouble who's just
trying to, like, visit ports and once I'm, even though I don't want
to drink all the time, I have to realize that if I visit people that
are drinking all the time, then I might get in trouble as well. Like,
as long as you can kind of, you're aware of your specific sphere,
then you'll have a much better time in the military.